As you can see, this is a mirror.
Did you look into a mirror before you came here?
Perhaps judging by your neat and clean appearance, you obviously did.
Ancient mirrors were generally made of metal, such as bronze or copper, even silver and gold.
They had to be highly polished, but still did not have as finer reflecting surface as do glass mirrors.
This is why the Apostle Paul said in 1 Corinthians 13-12,
for now we see an easy outline by means of the metal mirror.
Probably only in the first century, glass mirrors were introduced.
In the scriptures, we find two figurative uses of the term mirror.
For instance, in James, chapter 1, verses 22 to 25, it says,
however, become doers of the word and not heroes only, deceiving yourselves with false reasoning.
For if anyone is a hero of the word and not a doer, this is like a man looking at his own face in a mirror,
for he looks at himself and he goes away and immediately forgets of what sort of person he is but.
The one who peers into the perfect law that belongs to freedom and continues in it has become not a forgetful hero,
but a doer of the work, and he will be happy in what he does.
And the Apostle Paul showed that Christians reflect like mirrors the glory of Jehovah in their ministry.
In chapter 3, he wrote, chapter 3 and verse 18,
and all of us, while we, with unveiled faces, reflect like mirrors the glory of Jehovah,
are transformed into the same image from one degree of glory to another, exactly as it's done by Jehovah the Spirit.
And in chapter 6, verse 1, he says, therefore, since we have this ministry through the mercy that was shown us, we do not give up.
So God's word is compared to a mirror that we can use to examine ourselves.
On the other hand, also Christians themselves are compared to a mirror.
A mirror that reflects Jehovah's glory.
So how do the Scriptures use the word glory?
Well, there are different types of glory.
In 1 Corinthians chapter 15, verses 40 to 44, it says,
and there are heavenly bodies and earthly bodies.
But the glory of the heavenly bodies is one sort, and that of the earthly bodies is a different sort.
The glory of the sun is one sort. The glory of the moon is another.
And the glory of the stars is another.
In fact, star differs from another star in glory.
So it is with the resurrection of the dead.
It is shown in corruption. It's raised up in corruption.
It's shown in dishonor. It's raised up in glory.
It's shown in weakness. It's raised up in power.
It's shown a physical body. It's raised up a spiritual body.
Now, let's discuss five types of glory.
Of course, Jehovah has and deserves the highest degree of glory.
Then there's the glory of Jesus, which is second to the one of God.
In John 1, 14, it says,
The Bible shows that Jesus was given more glory after his resurrection than he had before he came to the earth.
It says, Jesus, who was made a little lower than the angels,
now crowned with glory and honor for having suffered death.
Hebrews 2 verse 9.
The third point, anointed Christians also have a measure of glory.
In the first century, there were some that were speaking abusively of glorious ones,
who were the glorious ones in the first century, anointed overseers.
They had a measure of glory when they lived on earth.
Number 4. When taken to heaven, all anointed.
Not only anointed overseers will receive everlasting glory.
Second Timothy 2 10 says,
quote,
For this reason, I go on enduring all things for the sake of the chosen ones,
so that they too may obtain the salvation that is through Christ Jesus along with everlasting glory.
But we have today not a few, but many glorious ones sitting even in the audience right here.
How so?
Because the expression glorious ones refers also to elders with an earthly hope.
The watchtower 1997, September 1, page 16 verse 14 says,
quote, Christian elders represent the glorious Jehovah God and His Son,
and as a result have certain glory conferred upon them.
True, they make mistakes as did Peter himself,
but the Scriptures urged members of the congregation to be submissive to such glorious ones.
End of quote.
And number 5.
There's the glorious good news, no matter what hope we have.
We glorify Jehovah through our preaching and teaching.
Second Corinthians 4, 3 and 4 says,
in fact, the good news we declare is veiled.
It is veiled among those who are perishing,
among the God over the system of things,
has blinded the minds of the unbelievers so that the illumination of the glorious good news about the Christ might not shine through.
How can we all glorify Jehovah?
Not only overseers and other adults in the congregation reflect Jehovah's glory,
also children can do so.
Children, are you aware of it?
You too, yes, we all can glorify Jehovah how in at least six ways,
or starting with 1.1.
We glorify Him through our prayers,
and then also by singing kingdom songs.
Another point, we glorify Him by accumulating accurate knowledge.
Second Corinthians 4, 6, therefore says,
for God is the one who said, let the light shine out of darkness,
and He is shown on our hearts to illuminate them with the glorious knowledge of God by the face of Christ.
Further, we glorify Jehovah by our Christian conduct.
Yes, we absorb this light of glorious knowledge of God
and transform our lives according to it, it brings glory to Jehovah God.
Once conduct can cause others to give glory to God,
our conduct is not perfect, we all know that, still Jehovah accepts us.
However, that does not excuse us from keeping ourselves as mirrors in a clean and polished shape as much as we can.
In the dark, no mirror reflects anything except darkness.
A mirror does not have any glory or light in itself.
Similarly, we are aware that any glory we might have is just a reflection of God's glory.
First Peter chapter 12 says,
maintain your conduct fine among the nations so that when they accuse you of being wrongdoers,
they may be eyewitnesses of your fine works, and as a result, glorify God in the day of His inspection.
Further, we glorify Him by doing good to others.
In Matthew 5.16, in the sermon on the Mount Jesus Himself showed that preaching and teaching is not enough.
We need to do good things to others aside from it.
We need to love our neighbors, including those in our workplace.
This may prompt people who are not witnesses of Jehovah to glorify God as Jesus put it.
And I quote, let your light shine before me so that they may see you of fine works.
So it's not just preaching, fine works, and give glory to your Father who is in the heavens.
What's another way we all can reflect the glory of Jehovah like mirrors?
We glorify Him by our preaching and teaching.
We want to conduct many Bible studies and want to impart the glorious knowledge of God to others.
For God is the one who said, let the light shine out of darkness,
and He has shown on our hearts to illuminate them, says Paul in 2 Corinthians 4.6,
and He continues, illuminate them with the glorious knowledge of God by the face of Christ.
Many of us who are older had the privilege of reflecting the glory of Jehovah for perhaps decades.
Jehovah has allowed us not only the privilege of proclaiming the message of the kingdom,
but also some have served as elders, pioneers, missionaries, Bethelites, construction servants, circuit overseers, or branch committee members.
These are ways that we have reflected the glory of Jehovah.
What a privilege we've had to do so, haven't we?
In spite of all these privileges, we maintain a humble spirit.
We appreciate that the privileges we have enjoyed are an undeserved kindness from Jehovah.
Having enjoyed so many privileges, what unique responsibility do we as older ones now have?
We must allow the next generation to come up so they too can enjoy unique privileges in glorifying Jehovah.
They are the next generation of like circuit overseers, Bethelites, missionaries, construction servants, branch committee members, and so on.
We want them to have the marvelous privilege that we have enjoyed as well.
That means we must look for ways to teach them, to train them, to encourage them so that they may use their youth and strength and ability to glorify Jehovah.
What a privilege we have is older ones to train and teach younger ones.
With that in mind, it is a pleasure to announce that two additional brothers have been appointed to serve as members of the governing body.
Well, brothers, brothers of Jody, Jedily, and Jacob Rump.
Both brothers are anointed Christians who have a long history of loyal service to Jehovah.
Jedily began his full-time service in 1989 and Bethel service in 1990.
Brother Rump began his full-time service in 1995 and Bethel service in 2020.
Both brothers served as helpers to the service committee of the governing body for a while.
We thank our Heavenly Father Jehovah for raising up such faithful men to share in the work of the governing body.
We pray that Jehovah will reachly bless brothers, Jedily, and Rump and their wives.
We all worship our glorious God, Jehovah.
We have the glorious good news to spread.
Our whole life is for the glory of His praise.
Paul wrote in 1 Corinthians 1031, whether you are eating or drinking or doing anything else,
do all things for God's glory.
Will you endeavor to reflect like a mirror Jehovah's glory by making the truth manifest in word and example?
What a privilege.
At the end of the millennium, faithful ones on earth will receive and display a measure of glory as perfect sons and daughters of Jehovah.
It says in Romans 821, the creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God.
So keep polishing that mirror.
Look at the mirror of God's word every day.
And like a mirror, reflect God's glory by what you say and do.
Appreciate your privilege to glorify Jehovah God, help young ones to take on privileges of service.
We trust your will and we wish you to always reach blessing in this endeavor.
So keep polishing, keep reflecting the light.